Fix dtype in continuous comp rep (#415)
emdgroup/baybe: CHANGELOG.md

Reviewer: Don't forget to update the PR description or at least omit irrelevant parts when merging

Author: Done

### Added
- `allow_missing` and `allow_extra` keyword arguments to `Objective.transform`

### Fixed

> - `ContinuousConstraints` can now be used in single point precision

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ContinuousConstraint`s can now be used in single point precision
```
